hey folks it's St From Evolution
Unleashed and today I want to briefly
introduce you to our brand new darly 3
image generator for chat GPT now who is
this for basically this is for those of
you who are content creators and are
creating a lot of content on social
media and sometimes you want to create
imagery to go with your content well
this is going to help speed that up and
give you a much better quality image so
I'm going to show you the generator or
the prompt that you can put into chat
GPT as you know we use a fivepoint
prompt structure around here at
Evolution Unleashed uh to get better
outputs overall from our AIS and we
begin with our task and we want the AI
to assume the role of a graphic designer
specializing in viral social media
imagery uh we've given us some context
which is some core core elements are the
successful elements of social media
images which we generated at an earlier
prompt so we could use it here uh things
like we want it to be attention grabbing
relatable uh vibrant colors uh
Simplicity is very important emotional
triggers Etc uh here's an interesting
one text overlay if you want no text you
probably want to delete that um you can
put in a bit of information about who
it's making the image for who you're
writing for delete this if it doesn't
matter to you but for example we've put
here the Unleashed our loot
Community uh so on and then you want to
put the platform so it knows which
platform to create the image for our
objective or goal is to design two
distinct images now we use a 16 by9
aspect ratio if you're doing this for
Instagram you'll change that to probably
9 by9 or Square but you can change to
whatever aspect ratio you want uh
that'll accompany the social media post
the primary goal is for viewers to pause
their scrolling and engage with the
associated content of course uh some
guidelines look some of this might be
over your head we want to use a tree of
thought and a Chain of Thought to create
and sort of build up our images and then
we want to craft images that deeply
resonate with our target market
distinctly Stand Out amongst all the
other content amplify the post call
message and are both intriguing and
relevant don't show reasoning we just
wanted to move straight to the image
creation and then you can just put here
I've put an example here you can just
put whatever post you want so this is a
post I made for Facebook for our group
uh the Unleashed
family and uh I wanted to create an
image for it so by just using this
prompt putting my post in here it
creates me two images now this first
one's okay it's bright it's colorful it
catches the I love certain elements
especially over here on the left and
right I'm not sure I really love the
whole thing but the second one was a bit
different chessboard and uh the good
news is you can go in here hit the
little I button
and there's the prompt it actually uses
your post and the uh prompt that we've
just provided to create the dar3 image
prompt which is going to be a lot better
than what we can probably write by
ourselves and definitely a lot faster
now we're going 100 miles an hour folks
want to keep these videos short and
sweet but there are a couple of things
you can do so you can come here to the
edit button and you can change the
platform let's just say all we want to
do is change the platform from Facebook
to LinkedIn now I've already done this
because the image generation can be a
bit slow so here it is now no difference
to The Prompt the only thing I've
changed is I've made it for LinkedIn and
it comes up with some different sort of
imagery and wow you know just sometimes
doly 3 will absolutely blow your mind
this is a really good example of what I
think is a stunning image uh and then
the second one looks more like what
you'd expect to see on LinkedIn in
boards up there with all their sort of
stuff uh people sitting around having
meetings uh cool image but I really like
this one so very random um but you know
this is just some of the ways you can do
that now let's say you don't know the
post yet or you don't want to put a
whole Post in so you can use exactly the
same thing and you can just change the
description so instead of actually
putting the post you might just say
something like
the post is about missing out on the AI
wave and the dangers of ignoring AI
given the rapid pace of change we are
seeing and then that will create this
image which is
interesting I can't say I absolutely
love it uh but we asked it to generate a
second one and it came up with uh
something pretty cool which was this one
here um don't miss the AI wave just very
eye-catching and colorful so yeah now
obviously folks you'll know that the
text is sometimes wrong I've put a video
out I'll link it back here or down in
the description uh which shows you how
to use canva to edit the text it's not
the perfect solution but it's the best
one on the market right now so folks if
you want better dar3 images to accompany
your content generation look down in the
description where I've put a link to the
prompt we've used today it's yours free
so please enjoy it Go create and we'll
see you in the next one peace